Wii Fit Anniversary!
Published on May 21, 2009.
So today is the very near anniversary of me starting Wii Fit.
My first day was actually May 23rd 2008, but I think If I wait to post something I might forget to do it in two days.
So here’s my anniversary post.
It’s actually kind of interesting that for the last few sessions I’ve been feeling pretty tired.
Today I felt really energized though.
I have no idea why.
I was sick the past few days but today I feel pretty much at 100%.
Maybe it’s because I got a lot of sleep while sick.
I also had a Twig and Berry salad from Zingerman’s today for lunch.
Anyway, when I started Wii Fit about a year ago I was obese (according to the machine) and weighed about 202 pounds or so.
Today the Wii Fit declared I am merely overweight and that I weigh about 179.9.
So within a year I lost 20 pounds.
I actually lost the 20 pounds between May and November, I wanna say.
Then between November and now, I think I hit some kind of ceiling (or floor).
I’ve sort of slowly been losing again.
I think it might be a seasonal thing.
Besides the lost poundage, I’ve been consistently feeling better (physically) ever since I started, and have been getting better and better.
I’m also considering using a cutting stack just to get those last few pounds off.
These days I can walk to and back from campus very easily when a year ago it’d feel like a hike (it’s a little over a mile each way, I think).
I believe my general endurance and energy levels have been better, too.
I haven’t only been doing Wii Fit to get healthier though.
I’ve also been trying to eat better and live more healthily in general.
No more soda (pop) for me.
I’m pretty happy with my progress with Wii Fit so far.
I wish I had done better between the November-Now time points, though I will admit that I made non-pound progress (I am now doing 20 push-ups instead of 10 and lunges are doable when before they were insanely hard).
Hopefully I’ll be able to report back in a year with even better numbers and results.
Bonus actual anniversary update: (5/23/09)
I look at my time completed in Wii Fit and it appears that I did 83 hours and 33 minutes of working out.
Not too bad.
I know I did less in the beginning and have been ramping up to about 34-45 minutes of workout each session though I don’t do it every day.
I’ll probably have more time to commit to working out over this summer though.